Update README with latest developments (#29)
elixir-europe/MARS: README.md

### MARS-CLI

This command line tool (CLI) will be used by the Data broker platform and will perform the actual submission of the ISA-JSON to the repositories. Based on receipts repositories give back as response, the ISA-JSON will be updated with accession numbers. The application is build as a Python library which can be integrated in a web application, ARC, Galaxy and others. Source code and documentation can be found in the [mars-cli folder](/mars-cli/) in this repo.

The main steps of MARS-CLI are:

> 1. **Ingesting and validating the ISA-JSON**: Compared to the vanilla ISA specification, the MARS-CLI has certain fields required (for example `targetRepository`) in order to function properly. Upon ISA-JSON ingestion the information gets loaded in the

Reviewer: Here as well?
```suggestion
1. **Ingesting and validating the ISA-JSON**: Compared to the vanilla ISA specification, the MARS-CLI has certain fields required (for example `target repository`) in order to function properly. Upon ISA-JSON ingestion the information gets loaded in the
```

> 1. **Ingesting and validating the ISA-JSON**: Compared to the vanilla ISA specification, the MARS-CLI has certain fields required (for example `target repository`) in order to function properly. Upon ISA-JSON ingestion the information gets loaded in the

Reviewer 2: Is there something missing at the end here?

Author: Woopsy you are right! Thanks for spotting

2. **Identifying the target repositories**: The order of submission can be depended on the target repositories specified in the ISA-JSON.

3. **Registering samples in BioSamples**: Submitting an ISA-JSON to a newly developed API at BioSamples. The BioSamples accession will be reused by the other repositories and thus needs to be done first.
After a successful submission, BioSamples sends back a receipt containing BioSamples accession numbers for `Source` and `Sample` as `Source characteristics` and `Sample characteristics`, respectively. 

    > The source code for the ISA-JSON API for BioSamples can be found in the [repository-services repo](/repository-services/isajson-biosamples/) and can be used for testing

> 4. **Filtering the ISA-JSON**: The ISA-JSON (updated with BioSamples IDs) has to be filtered for every target repository so it only contains information relevant for that repo. This will be facilitated by the `targetRepository` attribute present in the ISA-JSON assays.

Reviewer: The comment for the target repository looks like this in [ISA-BH2023-ALL](https://github.com/elixir-europe/MARS/blob/main/test-data/ISA-BH2023-ALL/isa-bh2023-all.json):
```json
{
    "name": "target repository",
    "value": "metabolights"
}
```
So should it be this?

```suggestion
4. **Filtering the ISA-JSON**: The ISA-JSON (updated with BioSamples IDs) has to be filtered for every target repository so it only contains information relevant for that repo. This will be facilitated by the `target repository` attribute present in the ISA-JSON assays.
```
